63.

henco, tor our tir-t ntudy, th· court· or aetion ιι ..11-
detta-ez ιο nunt eon-2402 in noa· anull υιγ tho phale-ophtonl
cunt-nt ot tu· conoevdnnoo.

1 ouh-15 that tn· untur· or thia tronti-o nuk·- auch tn
obligatio: ditrxeult or cultillnent. 1n ι certain nen-0, th·
1250oe ot ι connotantur 1· todxou· and thnnklntoz h· ha· no
theto· ln ht· problema, ror they htv· boon g1von to hxnz h· h·-
ιι thoi·- in nubs-et untorxnl to b· centia-red, ror th· que-t·
tener· hav· dotet-xasa that h· uhnll consider cort-xa τὴοιιιυιο
text· thath nr· *contrary* and no other-3 ht· rto-don ot aetion
with ventre to ι eonolnulon 1· »nutriet-d, ror no matter runt
aethon or text· h· ther· unco. th· concordator·· uolutton anat b·
{hut ot rhen-⁸, und he nunt in uena ¹⁸5 noha-vo ι unssty tituta
τῇσι-ι· 'eonttnvr' textu. rhun, tt uo vor· tn ntuny tho coneord-
nter in διο tnntrunnnztl etp-⁶125, v· would be hard-pronoen to
81·ss any coherent “pasxa-ephxenz treta-⁸ appropriat· ror th·
'tonent dianna-102. Βία uovk 1· that or ont-lyntt he pto-ont·
tha-no· contrane· ιι thoy nro, ann h· bns no tin· ror aponum-exon
ot hx· evus ho pron-nt· ι rhnnlntxo solution *uzon take· account
or 'onnt21210t5⁸. but ho ha· uo plne· in ιι rer h1· 1noopennont
uuo-vtes. our author ntonatly retzst- th· tnnptntxou to oxpoeonn
hx· eun ortulano, oven 'hen th· ἀίιουιιιοη might b· aar· ²1-
luntnntzng had h· don· ιο. Under tho·- otreunntnneon, vo 1112
rina tt dssrtxeult to uponk ot tn· conterentor'· 'ph1looophy'0

Qu tho other hand, uo eun upon& or certain diuounoienn in

thi- σοοοοτξξξοο ιι “ρυιῑοοορὴ1οι1“ ον 'th-ologzenl' or ”logio-1*

