189.

th· tntroauotxan or th· 810 ot Bon, one ιι particularly woll-
adaptod to hin purpeoe‚ and that 1· h1s un· or tho nothone
'dor-rnna· te th· hagno» authority when th· oentrnrxoty neon·
lunoluh20.‘²⁸ thor· bh· author 1· unablo to oolvo hx· problcn
through expo-atton or The-200 text or through one ot th·
aethaeo provzounly denorlbod. h· otton retortu tq 'out-xe·
noaret-'- fhn⁸‚ bo app-21· to th· hxghor nunterston ιι

Aboxnre tuggo-too. but th· ιυοῆονὲξᾳρ 1· ono oth-r thau thnt

 

‘iven to ult ιι tn· otuu-nunt or eho problan. 1n Book Ι,
tritol- 4.²⁴ tn· author uuo· th· Duas-een· deotflat oeno-rnang
ch· hun-n not ιο part or hin nolutxoh rev ι textunl d1tt²ou1t5
ιι rhen-o· finnt-nunt, aad h· dno· thio without ror-reno· to
ulmal-r text· ehieh nlght hav· boon round tn Thema-² uun
tetehzng. In took 1. article 27‚²⁶ th· concord-ter hn- roter-
σοι. to α doctrin· or Hxlary et Potui-r· 1η ὴινυοηίιίος hx·
’eontrartoty'n thl- eit-tlon, though aad· by Thomn- utun-lt,
616 not appear in tn· original dtrrtoulty ιι nunt-d by th·
eppo-ztxon. tn Book 1. nrtiolo 12,²⁶ Ψίῦοὶο 1⁸ used ιι ιη
2222222222, aad tho concord-tor add· hx· text ιι nub-tanta·-
tlen ror rho-20⁸1· doctrino. such expl1oxt rotor-noo· to tn
tuot-ritu· other than rho-n· av· aennon ln tntu tronti-0, but
th· author ⁸1⁸0 nuo· nuth ext-tion· without zadic-txng their
neure·- In Book Ι, ortxolo 1,⁸ tu· uolutxon g1von bear· aar·
rouo-bxnnoo to utut-nent· or nob-rt Kilvardby and nourr ot
chent tuna ιδ deo· to τὴαιιο· tonehxnan 1η Book Ι, nrtlolo 1⁶.²⁷

th· author noc-n dependunt on doctrino· or aeder-5 or tentatae·

