200.

about the early whomtatio controversie· ιι not nvnxlnble to

un. wo magne cuppa-o that tho author annuerod ι aurion or
obseotznnn poteo by ι pov-rrul eppo-leton to Thomna, nnn that
tn ann=0r1ng their d1rriou1txon‚ ho ιιι τοιαυειηὴ to change
their atttenaent· beonnae ur ronpoot er tear. wo cannot know
that tux· 1· ιο until uo hav· tn edition or tho varicum
exsecrata-0· with uhxnh the :uther ras uras-ntea. wo m1ght
oeus-etur· tunt th· author worked nt ι harmonzzntxon or

rho-no· decerta-⁸ by noy or contemporary dtnonnnzonzs w· cannot
attin· finnt tha· 2· ου until the editions or thiu work or· nt
out ozano-⁸1. Ι· nxght tappet· tunt th· author concorden
extra-ulta·- ιι tunt-⁸⁹ centwino by turn1n3 to coluuion- ho
,veteteno ta th· neth or uon other than rhenaug tbi· eun bo
courir-oe only then ι conplete utuey ot th· teau hun boon mad·
aad esch annuet uo1ghoa ιι te lt· nahor-neo te Thomnn‘ doctrine·
rh· opo-trae ron-un ror th· authev'· ret1eoneae nn tho tvo
pexnt· mention-d aaa only b· juda-d then runnu-v ntudy or tux·
trenel-o hn- bonu ιιᾱο aad then nor· text· contemporary with
it htv· boen testea.

At tunt ttae. th· concord-⁸09⁹· »otto-no· nunu bo neon
ιι tn· light er th· epponxtxon h· rto-dt th1· 1· ι vital potat
or intereat ret οι. 11 t· otu detor-12· tn· actual notive
una-tlymng tho ehnlxonsso presented to §ho author by The-nn'
oppon-nto. ιο 1111 hav· en· &avertent ker to th· uno-votandzng

or ξαηςανξξξῦιι νονξξξξιι. only bno-1043· or thi- very roal

