190.

aad Rich-vd or nadal-ton, rethor than on tho nord· or Thoan·-
Συ tho-0 evo arnnal-n, tho concord-tow aad· une ot auetorxtnu
in nolvznss hx· probznn‚ but ho dtd ιο uztnout nnnlng hio
neure· nt intonantium. rut· ιο ι nont poeulxnr adnptatzon ot
Abel-ra·- “appo-1 te nuntooextna³ ιι ι aethon tor un1r51ng
eppo-tus text-2 Abolavd had advocat-d thl- toehnxqu· bsecut-
οἱ tu· §tgnaty ut tho nouzon tren *uzon th· rono1ut²on ιιι κο
σοι.. but our author hnc unco th· neure· without tanto-tang
b7·nnno th· dogne· er ιο· ᾁίςηιιγ.ι πο aaut jungo tunt th·
coneordntor uno· hx· ”out-td· znrornntxen' anons-nuely ror ι
good noanon. but v· any apeculat· ιι to what that rot-on could
bot perhnp· tbdnuthor rol& tunt app-01 to such nou by nnn·
'aulo eutr-nt tren th· vulu- ot ι Τὴοιιοιιο οοοοοτάιηοον or
acvb-pn. h· 'tuh-d to pro-«nt then· solution· taken fron tho
notk ot othot- ιι hl· own? *unt-vor bo hx· Ju181t202t10n0 hx·
neuneu ot rouoxntxon 12 thou· οιιοι 1· again depono-nn on ht·
Αὶοιιταιιη tuh-ritant·-

'²¹⁸225· tho conectuntur make· ext-noxve un· or ordinary
nehel-otzo nulll- oth-r than tho·- enuzczntea by Abel-vd aa
th· 'ank to chich u· hnve had vor-renco. οοοιιισοιιιγ, e.g..
ha· solution turn· en ι ρὴιῑοιορὴιοιῑ naxon, und thi- 1· tho

utnon uun tn »σοι 1. amet· ιε’

unu-quoequ- anssu necandu- quod hnbot ono· ⁸20
uptun ont cogno-01·

Αςιιι, th· nuthet roncho· hx· uolutzen through uu· or ιη
tanlogy. 003.. ln Book Ι, orticl- §.⁸ thor· h· conpare· knovlng

