66.

th· author·· ditent-ica er rhomo-⁸ dertn1txnn· or th·
nubs-et ot theology ρον-ιιι u· to tnapoet th· r01·txon bonu-nn
nnn-phynxou aad theology αι eur author under-tand- 1⁸ trun th·
rhu-10⁸1· texts h· unos· ἢ· tzod tunt th· author rosont- th·
ool-tien to hx· problon ιι garon 1η concordantxn Pertranntbunt,
thil· zaaelxnxng to ι nolutxnn taken ἔται text· oth-r enan rho-na·
⁸ tn tha· σε... fleury or ouant und Robur& xt1varaby. vhe
σιισοναιῦοτθο anthad or uolantem 2· zan-rontzng atnoe tt depann-
σι tn· introeuntia: or no· nnsor1⁸1 vith1n rhomaa' frume-orn,
but tutu. without &dtutir1ont10n ot 12· cour-0.

1n the article oona-raing tho ϋε Ξξξτιὴα et An1nn, tho
proult· x· taust-0215 phzlonophtoax. Raro νο coatia-r tho
authfle⁰u general knowledge or Thanna· tetka, and, nu tho nnn·
tino, '0 rand tn extollunt opportunxey to junge uh· relatznnnth
ozxntxng bot-oca tho coneordnnor und hx· que-taanora. In hsss
ueletiam to th· natrxouxty et Tho-⁸⁸¹ apparent 2n3001210n, ιο
σοι tho anthe! ustas th· :athad or σαηοοιξιηξλι Ραττιιῃιιυαιξ,
tho-ah h· hn- nl1gh815 nodxtton tt.

2222.⁸=⁶ th· τὴσιιιῑιο textu eeu-orn1ng 12 oo·- to hav·
exntnrbod th· eppe-ztzon te rhenan to no stall degree. In hx·
nat-ev te their μιοδιαι, σε noo th· concere-tor aolving ι
azert-uxor 'uxot tvl-0⁸ tro· ι rnna-nontal uzzand-rstnndxng ot

rho-nn· doctrines in addition, vo no· the author·n annu-r ιε

tn tnvltfionttun or th· atat-nunt aad· ln gggoordnutln Pori·
gggugbuag·

