55.

annuntius α nerlu· er nrt1elo· uhxoh neon to ouon rogugguntlt
aad qunti contr-dgetzo tn rhenan· work.. too· ene deeorzptxon
:9925 to ι σανίσι or artxelou ln which tho ιαιὴοτθε purpose

ιι te tho· th· text· tn ahten Thomna spok- πονο truly ln th·
§3222 tuna in th· seoelgtun? A· onuthteoe hina-lt zuozeatos,
tho author or th· Artgoulz r·- nou eone-nt to tho· discord-
ent· bot-oon rhonlatlo toxtuz he eeneotded thone otuu-mout-
Ἠ, noan. er tu· word uoltu. ιο ιρρὶιοᾰ to Thomna· tenohtng in
tn· 222221⁶⁸ rh· Otuthior ρτοροιιὶ, then. that thone Art1ou13
111· tu· coen-102 ror the ποτὶ or our concordatur ιο dlrrzeult
to noo-pt. uinco our concordatur ιιι to renovo r· u ιιι,
aad canthi-r donatiuo· thone Articuli ιι porrorn1ng thnt nano
notk. naviter. th· ruet that onuth1oe'· eouss1non5 arguo· in
vovet-0 ovd-r (100. h· aceept- the tuot tnnc Bon-diet 'roto
th· genuero-nn· nnn thou 8920· to ιοοοιοαιυο tho Articuli to
that raet), ank-n 12 alno-t tuno-othl· to auo-pt hx· nouolut-
zena. In nolvtng our orzg1nnl difficulty, ue may any that th·
neure· ter our author'· ”contentionis-⁸, other than 2322222·
aaut· Ptoetrtnni22gt. fluet ramniu unknown. At ι lator utun.
th· Attgoulg unxoh nauthxor hn- edlted must be znvont1gatoa
beonnae they cent-xa natavinl 22-212r to that used by our author.

1· tt pon-1b1e to lauru anythtng mor· or the author
through ι otuu, ot the uolutzona ho g1von ror hx· problnmn?
Α. '0 σοι ιι tho noto· toeonpnnylng tho text, the canuerantor

tgna nd· uno or ῦξξξοτωτμ 122thth- meti-xor. h·

dre* en th· tonte or Thon-- hxnnolr and on nator1nx nagge-ted

