utun tu· Aristoteli-u tonenxng on not and pot-noy9z ho κροκι
or tn· nplrltunller or th· seul ιι nub-tantznl torn and ι
onbnzotxng ror=²os ho nublinntod the Aristotelian tonohxng

un tho ond or nnn no ιι ιο make ιθ part or th· chrtnsxnn
tone-noy §e aed-⁰ The-o τὴοιιιιίο aootr1n0· vero ι potat

er controv-³⁸5 vtth thone of hx· contempernrxoa who reject-n
Arzototlo ln fover or th· philosophie-1 trndztion iah-ritca
by ..Διασταὶ non tvo· th· curtata-n rothero. tt ιι int-root·
223 te noto that then· ⁸⁸-- oontreverotnl doetrxnon or vhe-nn
thien vor· th· aaut· ot tn· early attexoultzen ho had uxssh
hx· contempne-1100, nr· th· very deceptae· which aro *αἴτιοι-
entxy ququo te hl· to nuth eut ιι hin rollonorn thone tho
tappete then. Fron tho Tho-aetla ert to tho pro-ent tine,
th· 'aaa or rho-nu* eta bo roeogaxioa by hi· :dhonene- to
rnoaznttn prznniplo- when speaking or theu· fundament-1

12

qno-tton-

teta·- ἥατο ludio-tud, §hott fundamental potat or att-ok una

ι 1ο· nhil· the Franci-ean· objectod to the doo-

τὴοιιι· uu· or Arlossotle. start1nss with thl- ιι nn multi-1
bro-eh nith Tho-tn, h1· oppon-nt· gradually wid-nod th· nro·
ot azontu-zoa σο that aar· una nor· or Thomna· doctrino van
eraut-2⁸0⁶ by thcn οι ground· other than Arxatotolxnn. Α·
utta-h· aad nouatum-tinch· tollen-d enon other attor th· tir-t
utut-e eppo-xtton. another The-n· - nnt1·ruou=· ntruggxo ιιι
tn th· annana. Thac, v· turn err our neat-evol h1ghuny ono·
nero to οιιιιηο ι no· battlo lxno. 12 ιι ροιιιδιο that vo
nhn12 find out concord-tor ln th· rank· or ubo-0 who durand-d

