193.

tant-r· th· “contrarietien' ιι ιτ thoy did exist ln Tho-nu'
text. Thev· tr· unns exn-plot or thtu nooulxnr1t5 to b·
roma ιιι tu· trun-e. ιιι Book ι. amu· ὅθ th· (usnemu,
contermina th· “double-lnt0111ssg' 1- the rosu1t ot concidor·
lag tvo text· out ot prop-v deettlnnl nottingz th· author
thou· this ln hl· solution. But, ιι our atuor thosan, the
author devoted ι lengthy alneu-oxon to the problon beror- he
taeitly re-eevroetod th· cinianum! er th· dxrrtouzty in ht·
quot-⁸100 or ι τδοιιιῐιο ιοὶυιιοη. sino· tho “oonzrnrzoty·
naght hav· boen otnily tolved through ι ro-nznteuent or tho
text· znvo1voe, aad atnoe th· author knew uh1a‚ thy aad h·
troni tho proble- ιι ι roal difficultyn why did he not ἀιιηιιι
u mediat-15? ma ιιιι characteri-uo reluctante or th·
«uther ιι tho-u iu noch 1. nrtxelo 100⁴ where, the que-t1onora
pron-ntea ι dtrrxeulty thleh could only hav· boon th· roualt
ot ι ιιιίυιονρνιιιιιοο or tuo The-1:810 textu. In hx· nolubxon.
tho nuthet οιιτιτιιι th· altuntion‚ but h· doe· ιο atter ι
2⁸²8 argu-unt, aad uztnout aar ιιιιιιιηῐ that h· ιι ohannins
tho tor-n er tho quo-⁸202. ?=rth·r ntudr or other subjacu-
ezaon-noa by tho nuthet thot· tunt thl- tone-noy to ειοιι
correction or tho or1g1nn1 'eontrnr1otxon· ιι net nn uncos-on
occurrence lu thio 22522322922. πο any our-tn· that ror ιαιι
ren-en, tu· author felt obliged to «naver th· dxtr10u2t202
pro-anton to hx· ιι tr thoy noro corr-0515 utut-d, and ιι it
thoy repro-onnon true „rebla-n in rho-nn· tonen1ng.

