Just exn-innan ιο noe vxthssn tho lznzts or tho coneordangg
th· curly tenentum not up by eppo-xuxon to Thomtnt1o-
Avi-totelxnnxnnz rrum tho coneordnnoe ιο οιη Judge to noa·
desto· th· nuceo-⁸ enjoyaa by τὴοιιι* toaohxng oxne- that
tenuatus proven-d stt-ek aad dor-nze ot thio eaxxbre. tusl-
Σὺ 1· tuve-nxblo at thia utun te atudy ⁸11 tho problema
tuggo-toa by th· cggoggdanea, ια 1⁸ to b· honen that our
urolt-xnnry notk -112 slve oon· under-tanetus or th· dautran-1
und hannonie-1 poozttun oeeupxod by nuth oouoovdanee literat-
ure tn gonur=1‚ ιο ..11 ιι σοι. αοειιὶοᾱ κῃουιοας· or th·
probxonn aad ph21oueph10=1 ponatxnn occupied by eur pnrtxoulnr
eenoordntor. tt would teu- thnt tho content and vala· or

th· rhunzaetze eonnerdnneo. oneo kaurn, would make th* work or
the hiutorian ot phsslouophv nene-hat cantor, tor *nnn tho
centonum-ur ιρμὼοοιιιιω nna ennox·- or Tuom-⁹ neotum·
ιι uvalani-d through lit-ratur· auch ns thio, tho hxntorxenl
antur· or th· intell-otunI azzi-u 1η which rhoua· tud hx·
entnnaor· worked should b· better undorotooe. 1 hep· that

the stud, or thio cgggogdtggo, proximamur, ιο xe ιι. vill anth
tn· bogaunzng or ι uc· era ln the 1nvoat13nt1on or 'Thensa-
‚vt-nv=2”. and tunt oth-r· '111 take advantage ot eho totlth
or fucat-tle &uteru-tlon nvazltblo &a tho Tho-xotzn literatuaeo
or tux· typo which 02122 nvait· oxnnznntxou.

t· kno- nem-tutae ot tho doetrlnnl and hittorxetl

