ln beginning uhts οτυύγ, ror no ean Judg· ln ιοιο nmnll way
what th· coneordatooe senx-ved tn hx· work. Bon. hon-vor, ιο
nunt nun-artu· thot u· have learned eeneevn1ug th· uotxvntton
ter thiu croatiae. tor thnt ιι another er tho quo-taon- ιικοά
nt th· beginnssng er thia stunt. βο, anull νο ἀοιονιυο th·
gen-2⁸1 condition· und-r *uzuh tho concordatur worked? flavo
ιο lutrano anyth1ng opoezrxe theut ht· opponunt-t can ιο
3163· apprexznntoly th· date nt vhteh thia tre-tta· uppenrod?
rev th· pro-ont prolznssntry ntudy, ιο omn 0215 nun-er thone
quo-«10³⁸ ueneratus to eur linit-e turor21310n‚ but oven that
providos un with ιαιο teon or tho tut-xleotnnx onv1ronnont tn
*uz-h th· :uther uret· ht· coneornnnng. Lot un concidor nh·
inter-atina on ehx- poan& αι provtdod by th· §vetti-0·

ono ntrxktng reaturo er th· concord-202⁹· work 1⁸ hl·
opponunt reluottnoe to erltzoln· th· quo-elon· vax-nd by ht·
opponente. rheugh h· recognit·- that thoy ort-d ln many or
tn· atate-unt· thoy pron-ntea to ht· ιι “oontrnry”, he novor
challengnu nh· atate-ent· thoy undo, aad ho novor r··phrnnoa
th· quostxen· given to hl· tor noxntton. Ιο nunt consider
thl- ιο nont zndlottzve ot th· nont-1125 or our authent
tuturo-215. he know nore about rhu-na· text· thau did Tho-nt·
critico} 502, uhtu nuk-d quootxon· =h2oh -1ght onntly hav·
boen cclv-d through nppxxo-txen or hl· knowledge to ι r·-
utet-nont or th· prob2·n‚ th· author do·- not do th1s, but

